
.. _whatsnew_220910:

2209.1.0
--------

Element changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 * Adds JobType (:pull:`107`)
 * Adds PreparerName, SigningFor (:pull:`105`)
 * Adds SystemIDs array of SystemID elements. (:pull:`130`)
 * Adds EnergyACModeled P, EnergyACCurtailed, PerfRatio, EnergyModelID, Insolation. (:pull:`146`)
 * Adds InsurerName, Owner Name (:pull:`165`)
 * Adds AnswerRangeMin and AnswerRangeMax (:pull:`164`)
 * Adds ProdID to Product Superclass (:pull:`174`)

Object changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 * Signatory and Preparer now inherit from Entity rather than use Entity directly (:pull:`106`)
 * Removes EnergyMeasurement, EnergyMeasurements. Replaced by Production. (:pull:`117`)
 * Adds IrradPlaneOfArrayMeas. Remakes MeasScope to inherit from Scope. (:pull:`117`) 
 * Removes and deletes Member : BOMScope, BOSScope, CommentScope, MeasScope, ForecastScope, MeasScope, InsurancePolicyScope, TaskScope (:pull:`127`)
 * Adds Generic Scope member to: BillOfMaterials, BillOfServices, Checklist, Comment, Task, EnergyModel, Forecast, InsurancePolicy, Measurement, Production (:pull:`127`)
 * Changes IrradPlaneOfArrayMeas inheritance from MeasScope to generic Scope (:pull:`127`)
 * Removes Comment from Measurement Object (:pull:`127`)
 * Removes  ForecastScopeID,  ForecastScopeType from Taxonomy (:pull:`127`)
 * Removes PVSystems and BatterySystems from Job, and moves them up level in Site object. (:pull:`130`)
 * Adds BillOfMaterials FileFolderURL and Description to Job (:pull:`130`)
 * Minor update to BillOfMaterials description (:pull:`130`)
 * Add PerformanceRatio and PerformanceRatios. (:pull:`138`)
 * Removed EntityRoles from Entity (:pull:`141`)
 * Adds EntityRole to Preparer, Signatory  (:pull:`141`)
 * Adds inheritance of Entity to AuthorityHavingJurisdiction and HomeownersAssociation (:pull:`141`).
 * Adds ExpectedEnergyModel, ForecastEnergyModel, ForecastEnergyModels, PerformanceRatio, PerformanceRatios. (:pull:`146`)
 * Adds Insurer, Owner (:pull:`165`)
 * Adds AnswerRangeMin and AnswerRangeMax to Questions Object(:pull:`164`)



Unit changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~
 * Adds JobTypeItemType (:pull:`107`)

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~


Testing
~~~~~~~



Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~
 * Kevin Kirkley (:ghuser:`kevinkirkl3y`)
 * Tyler Hagen (:ghuser:`THagen-BB`)
 * Cliff Hansen (:ghuser:`cwhanse`)
  